The Joe Rogan experience. Now, you, you had an extensive amateur career too,
man, which is a thing, a lot of like how you're. So well-schooled.
That kinda helped me a lot. You know? Um,
I first started training when I was six years old and now I trained for a whole
year. And when I was seven years old, I had my first amateur fight. Um,
I was always this big chubby kid where, uh,
there wasn't people at my age at that weight. So I always had a fight,
bigger guys and older guys. So my first fight I won,
but they gave it to the other guy at 12 years old, finding a seven year old.
So then I got robbed. I got robbed. I feel your first fight.
And I, and I have the video to.
Oh, just put that online. Yup. Let the internet decide.
Wow. So you first fight at seven years old. That's incredible, man. That's,
there's no substitute for that guys who get into combat sport young.
That's the guys who have what I was talking about that you possessed before that
sort of fluidity, the efficiency to punches. It's like,
you're you develop throwing punches.
Right. I think it's all muscle memory type of, you know, um,
a lot of millwork and just working hard, man, working hard.
And this is a sport that I love and I've been doing,
this is the only thing that I know. So thank God that it paid off.
It's uh, it's such an amazing story. I love a story like that.
It's such a Rocky story, such a Cinderella story. Cinderella.
It's amazing. Well, yeah, everybody underestimated me there.
They're just waiting for me to, to get knocked down. And then when they,
when they see me again, knocked down, they're like, oh,
and it's crazy that the announcers where we're saying, oh,
Anthony is a great finisher. Look at how he's gonna finish them.
And what do you know? I ended up getting them with the, with the hug. Yeah.